Usage of sub commands with the snapshot command (#569)
foundry-rs/book: src/forge/gas-snapshots.md

Keep in mind that the changes will be made in the snapshot file, and not in the snapshot being
displayed on your screen.

> You can also use it in combination with other subcommands, such as forge snapshot --match-path contracts/test/ERC721.t.sol, to generate a gas snapshot relevant to this test contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use it in combination with the filters for `forge test`, such as `forge snapshot --match-path contracts/test/ERC721.t.sol` to generate a gas snapshot relevant to this test contract.
```
